Issue #120: relax AttributeId uniqueness to the (AttributeId, DataTyp… (#121)
oasis-tcs/xacml-spec: acal-core-v1.0.md

`RequestAttribute` [Any Number]

> : A sequence of `RequestAttributeType` objects associated with the attribute category of the request. `RequestAttribute` objects MUST be unique within a `RequestEntityType` object by the combination of their `AttributeId`, `DataType` and `Issuer` properties. The `AttributeId` and `DataType` properties are compared using identifier equality (see [Section 8.18](#818-identifier-equality)), with `DataType` compared on its effective value after applying its default (see [Section 7.27](#727-attributetype)) if the property is omitted. The `Issuer` property is compared using the `urn:oasis:names:tc:acal:1.0:function:string-equal` function when present on both objects; a `RequestAttribute` object with no `Issuer` is never considered a duplicate of one with an `Issuer`, regardless of the latter's value, consistent with the absent-`Issuer` semantics of [Section 8.4.4](#844-attribute-matching). No representation format's schema fully enforces this constraint: XML schema validation under XSD 1.0 only catches duplicates where `Issuer` is present on both objects, an XSD 1.1 assertion closes that gap, and no representation format's schema can perform the [Section 8.3](#83-identifier-evaluation) short-identifier expansion that identifier equality depends on. See [Section 7.33.1](#7331-uniqueness-example-non-normative) for a worked example.

Reviewer: Suggestion to rephrase the part from *The Issuer property is compared...* as follows, to make it even more plain:

```suggestion
: A sequence of `RequestAttributeType` objects associated with the attribute category of the request. `RequestAttribute` objects MUST be unique within a `RequestEntityType` object by the combination of their `AttributeId`, `DataType` and `Issuer` properties. The `AttributeId` and `DataType` properties are compared using identifier equality (see [Section 8.18](#818-identifier-equality)), with `DataType` compared on its effective value after applying its default (see [Section 7.27](#727-attributetype)) if the property is omitted. If the `AttributeId` and `DataType` properties are equal by such comparison in two `RequestAttribute` objects, then the objects are considered equal if and only if either one of the following is true:
  1. The `Issuer` property is absent from both objects;
  2. The `Issuer` property is present in both objects and both values of the property are equal by comparing them with the `urn:oasis:names:tc:acal:1.0:function:string-equal` function. 

: See [Section 7.33.1](#7331-uniqueness-example-non-normative) for a worked example.
```

I prefer to remove the following part from ACAL core (but move it somehow to the ACAL representation Profiles, unless there's something equivalent already there): 

> No representation format's schema fully enforces this constraint: XML schema validation under XSD 1.0 only catches duplicates where `Issuer` is present on both objects, an XSD 1.1 assertion closes that gap, and no representation format's schema can perform the [Section 8.3](#83-identifier-evaluation) short-identifier expansion that identifier equality depends on.

Because I don't think it's the place of ACAL Core to make such a categorical statement about  all the ACAL representation profiles (this would apply not only to the ones we have today but future ones we haven't thought of yet, that may have their own way of doing things). We should let each ACAL Profile speak for themselves (say how they enforce this and what are the limitations of their enforcement mechanism if any, also recommendations for mitigations). For example, the XSD part mentioned here is specific to XACML Profile and should go there. Also in the XACML Profile, we can always suggest/recommend to do the short identifier expansion prior to XSD validation with XSLT (or whatever XML pre-processing mechanism appropriate) to guarantee full enforcement for instance.

Author: This looks good to me.
